Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.1-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:6.9.12.82-1.fc37                  @updates               
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:6.9.12.82-1.fc37                  @updates               
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.20.2-7.fc37                       @anaconda              
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.18.12-1.fc37                      @updates               
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.18.12-1.fc37                      @updates               
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.40.10-1.fc37                    @updates               
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.40.10-1.fc37                    @updates               
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.40.10-1.fc37                    @updates               
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.40.10-1.fc37                    @updates               
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.40.10-1.fc37                    @updates               
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.8-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.8-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.8.18-2.fc37                     @anaconda              
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.8.18-2.fc37                     @anaconda              
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.40.10-1.fc37                    @updates               
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.10-2.fc37                     @anaconda              
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.10-2.fc37                     @anaconda              
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.2.12-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.2.12-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.40.10-1.fc37                    @updates               
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.8-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.40.10-1.fc37                    @updates               
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.40.10-1.fc37                    @updates               
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates               
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates               
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates               
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates               
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.2.6-2.fc37                        @updates               
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates               
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.6.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.101-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  1.5.0-4.fc37                        @updates               
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
abrt.x86_64                                          2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                           1.3.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                           2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20220623.1-2.fc37                   @fedora                
accountsservice.x86_64                               22.08.8-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          22.08.8-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.1-11.fc37                       @anaconda              
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230118-1.fc37                     @updates               
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230118-1.fc37                     @updates               
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-2.fc37                     @anaconda              
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.030.1.050-13.fc37                 @anaconda              
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          43-1.fc37                           @anaconda              
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            43-1.fc37                           @anaconda              
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                   1.4.2-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                   1.4.2-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.8-2.fc37                        @updates               
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2.2.4-2.fc37                        @updates               
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.8-2.fc37                        @updates               
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.8-1.fc37                        @updates               
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.22-1.fc37                         @updates               
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20230310-148.fc37                   @updates               
anaconda.x86_64                                      37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
anaconda-live.x86_64                                 37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            26.2-3.fc37                         @anaconda              
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              37.12.6-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20211224-7.fc37               @anaconda              
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-34.fc37                        @anaconda              
appstream.x86_64                                     0.16.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
appstream-data.noarch                                37-6.fc37                           @updates               
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.2-2.fc37                        @updates               
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-2.fc37                        @updates               
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.3-2.fc37                        @updates               
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-2.fc37                        @updates               
at.x86_64                                            3.2.5-4.fc37                        @fedora                
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.38.0-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.44.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
atk.x86_64                                           2.38.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.3-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
atmel-firmware.noarch                                1.3-27.fc37                         @anaconda              
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
audit.x86_64                                         3.1-2.fc37                          @updates               
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.1-2.fc37                          @updates               
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.13.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
authselect.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                         @updates               
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-18.fc37                         @updates               
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-18.fc37                         @updates               
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-18.fc37                         @updates               
avahi-tools.x86_64                                   0.8-18.fc37                         @updates               
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-22.fc37                         @anaconda              
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-29.fc37                         @anaconda              
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.92-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
baobab.x86_64                                        43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
basesystem.noarch                                    11-14.fc37                          @anaconda              
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.15-1.fc37                       @updates               
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-16.fc37                      @anaconda              
bcache-tools.x86_64                                  1.1-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.13-1.fc37                   @updates               
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.18.13-1.fc37                   @updates               
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.13-1.fc37                   @updates               
binutils.x86_64                                      2.38-25.fc37                        @updates               
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.38-25.fc37                        @updates               
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.5.0-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
bluez.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                         @updates               
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.66-4.fc37                         @updates               
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.66-4.fc37                         @updates               
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.66-4.fc37                         @updates               
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.5-1.fc37                        @updates               
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.78.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.3-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
brave-browser.x86_64                                 1.50.119-1                          @brave-browser         
brave-keyring.noarch                                 1.10-1                              @brave-browser         
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.4-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
brltty.x86_64                                        6.5-7.fc37                          @anaconda              
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.2.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.5.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-12.fc37                       @anaconda              
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-12.fc37                       @anaconda              
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.19.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.60-1.0.fc37                  @updates               
caca-utils.x86_64                                    0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37               @fedora                
cairo.x86_64                                         1.17.6-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.17.6-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
calibre.x86_64                                       5.43.0-5.fc37                       @fedora                
capstone.x86_64                                      4.0.2-11.fc37                       @updates               
cargo.x86_64                                         1.68.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.7-10.fc37                       @updates               
catimg.x86_64                                        2.7.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-40.fc37                        @anaconda              
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                          @updates               
cheese.x86_64                                        2:43~alpha-2.fc37                   @anaconda              
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:43~alpha-2.fc37                   @anaconda              
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.22-1.fc37                         @updates               
chmlib.x86_64                                        0.40-27.fc37                        @fedora                
chrony.x86_64                                        4.3-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-1.fc37                          @updates               
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-1.fc37                          @updates               
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:42~beta3-1.fc37                   @updates               
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:42~beta3-1.fc37                   @updates               
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37 @updates               
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37 @updates               
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-14.fc37                      @anaconda              
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
cmake.x86_64                                         3.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates               
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates               
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates               
cmake-gui.x86_64                                     3.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates               
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.26.3-1.fc37                       @updates               
code.x86_64                                          1.77.3-1681292829.el7               @code                  
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-29.fc37                           @anaconda              
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                   0.3.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                               5.1.5-21.fc37                       @fedora                
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-4.fc37                          @anaconda              
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.7-2.fc37                      @updates               
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.209.0-1.fc37                    @updates               
containers-common.noarch                             4:1-80.fc37                         @updates               
containers-common-extra.noarch                       4:1-80.fc37                         @updates               
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.1-7.fc37                          @updates               
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.1-7.fc37                          @updates               
corosynclib.x86_64                                   3.1.7-1.fc37                        @updates               
cpio.x86_64                                          2.13-13.fc37                        @anaconda              
cpp.x86_64                                           12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.7-30.fc37                       @anaconda              
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.7-30.fc37                       @anaconda              
createrepo_c.x86_64                                  0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                             0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
criu.x86_64                                          3.17.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.17.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
crun.x86_64                                          1.8.3-2.fc37                        @updates               
crypto-policies.noarch                               20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37          @anaconda              
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37          @anaconda              
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.6.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates               
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates               
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates               
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1.28.16-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                          1.28.16-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                             1.28.16-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates               
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.2-10.fc37                     @updates               
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
curl.x86_64                                          7.85.0-8.fc37                       @updates               
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      76.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   76.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates               
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   33-1.fc37                           @updates               
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates               
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates               
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates               
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates               
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates               
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.6-1.fc37                     @updates               
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-7.fc37                       @anaconda              
default-editor.noarch                                6.4-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.3-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                     37.0.0-4.fc37                       @updates               
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-7.fc37                         @anaconda              
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.175-9.fc37                     @anaconda              
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.175-9.fc37                     @anaconda              
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.175-9.fc37                     @anaconda              
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.175-9.fc37                     @anaconda              
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.0-4.fc37                        @updates               
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 0.9.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                  @anaconda              
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                  @anaconda              
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.8-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                         0.3.0-13.fc37                       @anaconda              
dleyna-core.x86_64                                   0.6.0-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                               0.6.0-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.6.0-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.4-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
dmraid.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                  @anaconda              
dmraid-events.x86_64                                 1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                  @anaconda              
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                  @anaconda              
dnf.noarch                                           4.15.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.15.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.4.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.89-2.fc37                         @updates               
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.4.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-4.fc37                          @anaconda              
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-30.fc37                         @anaconda              
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.1.5-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
dracut.x86_64                                        059-1.fc37                          @updates               
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          059-1.fc37                          @updates               
dracut-live.x86_64                                   059-1.fc37                          @updates               
dracut-network.x86_64                                059-1.fc37                          @updates               
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 059-1.fc37                          @updates               
drpm.x86_64                                          0.5.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
duktape.x86_64                                       2.6.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.46.5-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
ed.x86_64                                            1.18-2.fc37                         @fedora                
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.5-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20230301gitf80f052277c8-1.fc37      @updates               
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-6.fc37                            @anaconda              
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-2.fc37                           @anaconda              
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   38-6.fc37                           @updates               
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.189-1.fc37                        @updates               
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.189-1.fc37                        @updates               
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.189-1.fc37                        @updates               
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.189-1.fc37                        @updates               
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.189-1.fc37                        @updates               
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:28.2-3.fc37                       @updates               
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
eog.x86_64                                           43.2-1.fc37                         @updates               
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                              1:43.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
evince.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
evince-libs.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
evince-previewer.x86_64                              43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.46.4-2.fc37                       @updates               
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.46.4-2.fc37                       @updates               
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-4.fc37                       @updates               
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-4.fc37                       @updates               
expat.x86_64                                         2.5.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
f37-backgrounds-base.noarch                          37.0.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
f37-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         37.0.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-25.fc37                          @anaconda              
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        2.0-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                  2.0-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               37-2                                @updates               
fedora-logos.noarch                                  36.0.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            36.0.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
fedora-release-common.noarch                         37-16                               @updates               
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch           37-16                               @updates               
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                    37-16                               @updates               
fedora-repos.noarch                                  37-2                                @updates               
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                          37-2                                @updates               
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                1.4-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
ffmpeg.x86_64                                        5.1.3-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                   5.1.3-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-3.fc37                       @fedora                
file.x86_64                                          5.42-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.42-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
firefox.x86_64                                       112.0-3.fc37                        @updates               
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             112.0-3.fc37                        @updates               
firewalld.noarch                                     1.2.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          1.2.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.3.4-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.2-9.fc37                          @anaconda              
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.14.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.14.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.14.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.14.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
fmt.x86_64                                           9.1.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.14.1-2.fc37                       @updates               
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-9.fc37                      @anaconda              
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.3.0-1.fc37                      @updates               
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.2.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.10.0-1.fc37                     @updates               
freetype.x86_64                                      2.12.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.12-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
fros.noarch                                          1.1-30.fc37                         @anaconda              
fros-gnome.noarch                                    1.1-30.fc37                         @anaconda              
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.10.5-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.9-6.fc37                          @updates               
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.10.5-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.10.5-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.8.14-1.fc37                       @updates               
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.4-1.fc37                          @updates               
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.8.14-1.fc37                       @updates               
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.8.14-1.fc37                       @updates               
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.8.14-1.fc37                       @updates               
gamemode.x86_64                                      1.7-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-21.fc37                       @anaconda              
gawk.x86_64                                          5.1.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.1.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
gc.x86_64                                            8.0.6-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
gcc.x86_64                                           12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
gcr.x86_64                                           3.92.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      3.92.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-9.fc37                        @updates               
gdb.x86_64                                           13.1-2.fc37                         @updates               
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  13.1-2.fc37                         @updates               
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.9-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                              2.40.2-5.fc37                       @fedora                
gdm.x86_64                                           1:43.0-4.fc37                       @updates               
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-11.fc37                       @anaconda              
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.44-1.fc37                       @updates               
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-50.fc37                      @anaconda              
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.6.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.6.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
geocode-glib-data.x86_64                             3.26.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
geocode-glib2.x86_64                                 3.26.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-7.fc37                     @anaconda              
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-7.fc37                     @anaconda              
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.21.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
ghostscript.x86_64                                   9.56.1-7.fc37                       @updates               
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                       9.56.1-7.fc37                       @updates               
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                    9.56.1-7.fc37                       @updates               
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.1-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
git.x86_64                                           2.39.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
git-core.x86_64                                      2.39.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.39.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
gjs.x86_64                                           1.74.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.74.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
glib2.x86_64                                         2.74.6-1.fc37                       @updates               
glibc.x86_64                                         2.36-9.fc37                         @updates               
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.36-9.fc37                         @updates               
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.36-9.fc37                         @updates               
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.36-9.fc37                         @updates               
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.36-9.fc37                         @updates               
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.36-9.fc37                         @updates               
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.36-9.fc37                         @updates               
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.5-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
glusterfs.x86_64                                     10.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 10.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      10.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                10.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
glx-utils.x86_64                                     8.4.0-14.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc37    @anaconda              
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.2-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             43.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:42.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:42.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   43.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                       42.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              43.0.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                43.1-3.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-characters.x86_64                              43.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         43.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
gnome-connections.x86_64                             43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          43.5-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               43.5-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                43.2-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                43.2-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           43.2-3.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 42.1-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             42.1-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-7.fc37                       @anaconda              
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.46.0-4.fc37                       @updates               
gnome-photos.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          43.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-session.x86_64                                 43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         43.0-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   43.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               43.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch         43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     43.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             43.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             43.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-software.x86_64                                43.5-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          42.0-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.46.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.46.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                             43.2-1.fc37                         @updates               
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-15.fc37                        @anaconda              
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                  42~beta-4.fc37                      @fedora                
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-user-share.x86_64                              43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.5.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
gnome-weather.noarch                                 43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.3.8-1.fc37                        @updates               
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.3.8-1.fc37                        @updates               
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.0-2.fc37                        @updates               
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.0-2.fc37                        @updates               
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.0-2.fc37                        @updates               
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.74.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
gom.x86_64                                           0.4-9.fc37                          @anaconda              
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.19.20130920.fc37            @anaconda              
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-13.fc37                    @anaconda              
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                  20201206-5.fc37                     @anaconda              
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20220916-2.fc37                     @anaconda              
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                20201206-5.fc37                     @anaconda              
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37      @updates               
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.9.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.17.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.17.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-41.fc37                      @fedora                
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-10.fc37                      @anaconda              
graphviz.x86_64                                      5.0.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                
grep.x86_64                                          3.7-4.fc37                          @anaconda              
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.15-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.16-1.fc37                       @updates               
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.22.4-10.fc37                      @anaconda              
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-94.fc37                      @updates               
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-66.fc37                        @anaconda              
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     43.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.3-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
gspell.x86_64                                        1.12.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.20.5-1.fc37                       @updates               
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.37-1.fc37                      @updates               
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.3.0-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.37-1.fc37                      @updates               
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.8.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.7-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                5.6.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-42.20121130.fc37              @fedora                
guile22.x86_64                                       2.2.7-6.fc37                        @anaconda              
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.4.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.14.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.12.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.2.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda              
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.3.0-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
gvncpulse.x86_64                                     1.3.0-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
gzip.x86_64                                          1.12-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      5.2.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  5.2.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-27.fc37                @anaconda              
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-14.fc37                        @anaconda              
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-15.fc37                        @anaconda              
highway.x86_64                                       1.0.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-7.fc37                         @anaconda              
hplip.x86_64                                         3.22.10-3.fc37                      @updates               
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.22.10-3.fc37                      @updates               
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.22.10-3.fc37                      @updates               
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                              1:1.001-7.20200428git336a529.fc37   @anaconda              
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates               
httpd-core.x86_64                                    2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates               
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates               
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates               
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.0-21.fc37                       @anaconda              
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20140811.1-23.fc37                @anaconda              
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20140811.1-23.fc37                @anaconda              
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20140811.1-23.fc37                @anaconda              
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.0-21.fc37                       @anaconda              
hwdata.noarch                                        0.369-1.fc37                        @updates               
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda              
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda              
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda              
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda              
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.39.20220731git.fc37             @anaconda              
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-18.fc37                       @anaconda              
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-18.fc37                       @anaconda              
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates               
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.14-7.fc37                       @anaconda              
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.14-7.fc37                       @anaconda              
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates               
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates               
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.4-13.fc37                       @anaconda              
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.13.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates               
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.19-1.fc37                       @updates               
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.27-5.fc37                       @updates               
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.22.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.4-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.4-6.fc37                          @anaconda              
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.6-1.fc37                        @updates               
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.7.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                
inih.x86_64                                          56-2.fc37                           @anaconda              
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-10.fc37                         @anaconda              
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.18-1.fc37                        @updates               
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.18-1.fc37                        @updates               
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.18-1.fc37                        @updates               
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20230310-148.fc37                   @updates               
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                22.5.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
iproute.x86_64                                       5.18.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    5.18.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
ipset.x86_64                                         7.15-5.fc37                         @anaconda              
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.15-5.fc37                         @anaconda              
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.8-4.fc37                        @updates               
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.8-4.fc37                        @updates               
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
iputils.x86_64                                       20221126-1.fc37                     @updates               
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20220210-2.git64113751.fc37         @anaconda              
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37           @anaconda              
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37           @anaconda              
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.3-17.fc37                     @anaconda              
iw.x86_64                                            5.9-5.fc37                          @anaconda              
iwl100-firmware.noarch                               39.31.5.1-148.fc37                  @updates               
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                              1:39.31.5.1-148.fc37                @updates               
iwl105-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-148.fc37                 @updates               
iwl135-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-148.fc37                 @updates               
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-148.fc37                 @updates               
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-148.fc37                 @updates               
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-148.fc37               @updates               
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                              15.32.2.9-148.fc37                  @updates               
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                              228.61.2.24-148.fc37                @updates               
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                              8.83.5.1_1-148.fc37                 @updates               
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                              8.24.2.2-148.fc37                   @updates               
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                              9.221.4.1-148.fc37                  @updates               
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-148.fc37                 @updates               
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-148.fc37                 @updates               
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                              41.28.5.1-148.fc37                  @updates               
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-148.fc37               @updates               
iwlax2xx-firmware.noarch                             20230310-148.fc37                   @updates               
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   3.0.6-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:17.0.6.0.10-1.fc37                @updates               
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.1.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.40.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.40.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.19-7.fc37                         @anaconda              
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-24.fc37                         @anaconda              
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-36.fc37                       @anaconda              
jq.x86_64                                            1.6-14.fc37                         @anaconda              
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.6.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
json-c.x86_64                                        0.16-3.fc37                         @updates               
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.6.6-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
jsoncpp.x86_64                                       1.9.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.222-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.7.0-5.fc37                      @updates               
jxrlib.x86_64                                        1.1-23.fc37                         @fedora                
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-38.fc37                         @anaconda              
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-38.fc37                         @anaconda              
kbd.x86_64                                           2.5.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.5.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.5.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-7.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc37       @anaconda              
kernel.x86_64                                        6.2.8-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel.x86_64                                        6.2.9-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel.x86_64                                        6.2.10-200.fc37                     @updates               
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.2.8-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.2.9-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.2.10-200.fc37                     @updates               
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.2.6-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.2.8-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.2.9-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.2.10-200.fc37                     @updates               
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.2.8-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.2.9-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.2.10-200.fc37                     @updates               
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.2.8-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.2.9-200.fc37                      @updates               
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.2.10-200.fc37                     @updates               
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.25-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                         5.0-36.fc37                         @anaconda              
kitty.x86_64                                         0.26.5-3.fc37                       @updates               
kitty-terminfo.noarch                                0.26.5-3.fc37                       @updates               
kmod.x86_64                                          30-2.fc37                           @anaconda              
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     30-2.fc37                           @anaconda              
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.0-4.fc37                        @updates               
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.19.2-13.fc37                      @updates               
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.13-29.fc37                        @fedora                
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-13.fc37                       @anaconda              
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             3.0-26.fc37                         @anaconda              
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                        3.0-26.fc37                         @anaconda              
langpacks-en.noarch                                  3.0-26.fc37                         @anaconda              
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.61-2.fc37                       @updates               
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-9.fc37                        @fedora                
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.14-1.fc37                         @updates               
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.82.0-8.fc37                       @fedora                
less.x86_64                                          590-5.fc37                          @anaconda              
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.10-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-11.fc37                       @anaconda              
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-11.fc37                       @anaconda              
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.10-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.5-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                              1.2.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.5-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.3-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.4-9.fc37                        @fedora                
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                               6.0.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-13.fc37                       @anaconda              
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.4-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
libXi-devel.x86_64                                   1.8-3.fc37                          @fedora                
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.4-11.fc37                       @anaconda              
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.4-11.fc37                       @fedora                
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.3-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.15-2.fc37                       @updates               
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.2-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.10-17.fc37                      @anaconda              
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.10-17.fc37                      @fedora                
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXt.x86_64                                         1.2.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.3-17.fc37                       @anaconda              
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-17.fc37                      @anaconda              
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.12-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.5-9.fc37                        @fedora                
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.4-19.fc37                       @anaconda              
libXxf86vm-devel.x86_64                              1.1.4-19.fc37                       @fedora                
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-43.fc37                       @anaconda              
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.2.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.4.2-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                1.4.2-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-14.fc37                     @anaconda              
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-23.fc37                       @anaconda              
libaom.x86_64                                        3.6.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.8.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.6.1-3.fc37                        @updates               
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-1.fc37                     @anaconda              
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.5-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-23.fc37                         @anaconda              
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-23.fc37                        @anaconda              
libatomic.x86_64                                     12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
libavdevice.x86_64                                   5.1.3-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
libavif.x86_64                                       0.11.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-7.fc37                       @anaconda              
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.8-12.fc37                       @anaconda              
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-52.fc37                       @anaconda              
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libblockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:0.8.0-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-29.fc37                       @fedora                
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.11.7-2.fc37                       @updates               
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.7-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37               @fedora                
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                        @anaconda              
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-29.fc37                        @anaconda              
libcap.x86_64                                        2.48-5.fc37                         @anaconda              
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.7.0-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-7.fc37                   @anaconda              
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.1-6.fc37                        @anaconda              
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.5.2-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-52.fc37                       @anaconda              
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.46.5-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.18-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
libcue.x86_64                                        2.2.1-10.fc37                       @anaconda              
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               7.85.0-8.fc37                       @updates               
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-24.fc37                        @anaconda              
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.0.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libdazzle.x86_64                                     3.44.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-53.fc37                      @anaconda              
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.1.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
libdecor-devel.x86_64                                0.1.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-52.fc37                       @anaconda              
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                2.9.42-1.fc37                       @updates               
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.70.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.114-1.fc37                      @updates               
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-21.fc37                       @anaconda              
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.4.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37             @updates               
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-19.fc37                        @fedora                
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-10.fc37                       @anaconda              
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-3.fc37                      @fedora                
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                     2:20230310-148.fc37                 @updates               
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.10-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-6.fc37                         @anaconda              
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-7.fc37                       @anaconda              
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.11.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.4-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.4-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-12.fc37                       @anaconda              
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-8.fc37                          @anaconda              
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-5.fc37                          @anaconda              
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.5-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
libgcc.x86_64                                        12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.1-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-27.fc37                         @anaconda              
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.6-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     10.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
libgfortran.x86_64                                   12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     10.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     10.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
libglusterd0.x86_64                                  10.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 10.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.5.0-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.28.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libgomp.x86_64                                       12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.46-1.fc37                         @updates               
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.30-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libgpod.x86_64                                       0.8.3-42.fc37                       @anaconda              
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
libgs.x86_64                                         9.56.1-7.fc37                       @updates               
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.47-6.fc37                      @anaconda              
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.40.0-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
libgudev.x86_64                                      237-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.5-1.fc37                        @updates               
libgweather4.x86_64                                  4.2.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-26.fc37                       @anaconda              
libibverbs.x86_64                                    41.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.16-1.fc37                       @updates               
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.16-1.fc37                       @updates               
libicu.x86_64                                        71.1-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
libidn.x86_64                                        1.41-3.fc37                         @fedora                
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-39.fc37                      @anaconda              
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-16.fc37                        @anaconda              
libimagequant.x86_64                                 2.17.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-52.fc37                       @anaconda              
libinput.x86_64                                      1.22.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
libipt.x86_64                                        2.0.5-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-12.fc37                       @anaconda              
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.19.0-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
libjaylink.x86_64                                    0.3.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.1.13-1.fc37                       @updates               
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 2.1.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libjpeg-turbo-utils.x86_64                           2.1.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.7.0-5.fc37                      @updates               
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.4.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.4.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.4-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.4-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-11.fc37                     @anaconda              
libldb.x86_64                                        2.6.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.24.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                3.24.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.11.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.11.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-20.fc37                       @fedora                
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.6-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.7.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.26.4-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.26.4-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
libmd.x86_64                                         1.0.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-28.fc37                       @anaconda              
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-16.fc37                       @fedora                
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                   @fedora                
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.14.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
libmount.x86_64                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.2.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-25.fc37                       @anaconda              
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.8.alpha.fc37               @anaconda              
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-21.fc37                       @anaconda              
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.21-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-4.fc37                          @anaconda              
libnet.x86_64                                        1.2-6.fc37                          @anaconda              
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.8-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-22.fc37                       @anaconda              
libnfs.x86_64                                        4.0.0-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.6.2-2.rc6.fc37                  @updates               
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.51.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.19-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.7.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.7.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.2-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.2-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-1.fc37                       @updates               
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-19.fc37                       @anaconda              
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-4.fc37                      @anaconda              
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.6.9-1.fc37                        @updates               
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.17.2-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.10.0-5.fc37                       @updates               
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
libpaper.x86_64                                      1.1.28-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-52.fc37                       @anaconda              
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.3-1.fc37                    @updates               
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-7.fc37                         @anaconda              
libpeas.x86_64                                       1.34.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                   1.34.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                        1.34.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.12.57-6.fc37                      @updates               
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.6.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.6.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libplacebo.x86_64                                    4.208.0-1.fc37                      @fedora                
libplist.x86_64                                      2.2.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
libpmem.x86_64                                       1.12.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libpmemobj.x86_64                                    1.12.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.37-13.fc37                    @anaconda              
libportal.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                0.6-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                0.6-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.4.18-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libproxy-duktape.x86_64                              0.4.18-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.7-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-3.fc37                        @updates               
libqb.x86_64                                         2.0.6-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.30.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.30.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.0.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libquadmath.x86_64                                   12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
librados2.x86_64                                     2:17.2.6-1.fc37                     @updates               
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:17.2.6-1.fc37                     @updates               
librdmacm.x86_64                                     41.0-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-52.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                    @updates               
librepo.x86_64                                       1.15.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-3.fc37                        @updates               
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.54.5-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
librsync.x86_64                                      2.3.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.27-5.fc37                      @anaconda              
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.22.10-3.fc37                      @updates               
libsbc.x86_64                                        1.5-4.fc37                          @anaconda              
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.20.5-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.5-1.fc37                          @updates               
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.5-1.fc37                          @updates               
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.5-2.fc37                          @updates               
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.5-1.fc37                          @updates               
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.9-27.fc37                       @updates               
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2022.2-3.fc37                       @updates               
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-1.fc37                        @updates               
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.10.8-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.14-3.fc37                         @anaconda              
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.7.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.17.7-0.fc37                     @updates               
libsmbios.x86_64                                     2.4.3-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.18-10.fc37                      @fedora                
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.22-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates               
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.11-1.fc37                       @updates               
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.3.0-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
libss.x86_64                                         1.46.5-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.4-2.fc37                       @updates               
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.4-2.fc37                       @updates               
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.10.0-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-6.fc37                        @anaconda              
libstdc++.x86_64                                     12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               12.2.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
libstemmer.x86_64                                    0-19.585svn.fc37                    @anaconda              
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.3.4-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
libteam.x86_64                                       1.31-6.fc37                         @anaconda              
libtermkey.x86_64                                    0.22-3.fc37                         @fedora                
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.13.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-32.fc37                     @anaconda              
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.4.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.2-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.3-0.fc37                        @anaconda              
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-15.fc37                      @anaconda              
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.2.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.6-1.fc37                        @updates               
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                0.20.8-2.fc37                       @updates               
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.9.4-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.0-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.6.2-5.fc37                        @updates               
liburing.x86_64                                      2.3-1.fc37                          @updates               
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-50.fc37                      @anaconda              
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.25-9.fc37                       @anaconda              
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
libuser.x86_64                                       0.63-13.fc37                        @anaconda              
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.44.2-2.fc37                     @anaconda              
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.22.1-4.fc37                       @updates               
libva.x86_64                                         2.16.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-2.fc37                          @fedora                
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libvirt-client.x86_64                                8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.x86_64        8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               4.0.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda              
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  4.0.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda              
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               4.0.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda              
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  8.6.0-5.fc37                        @updates               
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-13.fc37                       @anaconda              
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.0-36.fc37                     @anaconda              
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.13-13.fc37                      @anaconda              
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-6.fc37                      @anaconda              
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.12.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libvterm.x86_64                                      0.3-1.fc37                          @fedora                
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.6.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.6.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.21.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.17.7-0.fc37                     @updates               
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.10.0-1.fc37                     @updates               
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.12-9.fc37                       @fedora                
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-3.fc37                         @updates               
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-11.fc37                      @anaconda              
libwpe.x86_64                                        1.14.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.3-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.12-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.1-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13.1-10.fc37                      @anaconda              
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.1-10.fc37                      @fedora                
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.33-4.fc37                       @updates               
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                              4.4.33-4.fc37                       @updates               
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.33-4.fc37                       @updates               
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.4.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            1.4.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.4.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-21.fc37                         @anaconda              
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.10.3-2.fc37                       @updates               
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.10.3-2.fc37                       @updates               
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.11-1.fc37                       @updates               
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-11.fc37                         @anaconda              
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.37-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.6.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-22.fc37                       @anaconda              
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.5-1.fc37                        @updates               
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.14-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-33.fc37                       @anaconda              
linux-firmware.noarch                                20230310-148.fc37                   @updates               
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20230310-148.fc37                   @updates               
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.30-1.fc37                       @updates               
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37         @anaconda              
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.20.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-14.fc37                      @anaconda              
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-14.fc37                      @anaconda              
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.5-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-14.fc37                      @anaconda              
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-13.fc37                       @anaconda              
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-15.fc37                      @anaconda              
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-14.fc37                      @anaconda              
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-14.fc37                      @anaconda              
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-13.fc37                       @anaconda              
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-6.fc37                          @anaconda              
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.0-29.fc37                     @anaconda              
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-56.fc37                     @anaconda              
lsof.x86_64                                          4.94.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.3-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.4-9.fc37                        @updates               
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.4-9.fc37                        @updates               
lua-posix.x86_64                                     35.1-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.0-0.27beta3.fc37                @updates               
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                 1.44.2.1-1.fc37                     @fedora                
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.11-9.fc37                      @anaconda              
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.11-9.fc37                      @anaconda              
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.11-9.fc37                      @anaconda              
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-7.fc37                         @anaconda              
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-9.fc37                         @anaconda              
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.0-27.fc37                       @anaconda              
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.0-13.fc37                       @anaconda              
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-27.fc37                         @anaconda              
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.53-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
make.x86_64                                          1:4.3-11.fc37                       @anaconda              
malcontent.x86_64                                    0.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
malcontent-control.x86_64                            0.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                            0.11.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
man-db.x86_64                                        2.10.2-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
man-pages.noarch                                     5.13-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.2.7-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.2.7-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.2.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
media-player-info.noarch                             23-11.fc37                          @anaconda              
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.0.6-1.fc37                        @updates               
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.4-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              22.3.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               22.3.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   22.3.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    22.3.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.1-7.fc37                        @fedora                
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   22.3.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 22.3.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             22.3.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               22.3.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           22.3.7-1.fc37                       @updates               
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-53.fc37                       @anaconda              
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.15-1.fc37                       @updates               
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20220725-1.fc37                     @anaconda              
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                     0.6-27.fc37                         @anaconda              
mod_http2.x86_64                                     2.0.9-1.fc37                        @updates               
mod_lua.x86_64                                       2.4.57-1.fc37                       @updates               
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.6.0-5.fc37                      @anaconda              
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-29.fc37                         @anaconda              
mozjs102.x86_64                                      102.9.0-1.fc37                      @updates               
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.1.0-10.fc37                       @anaconda              
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-1.fc37                       @updates               
msgpack.x86_64                                       3.1.0-10.fc37                       @fedora                
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.43-1.fc37                       @updates               
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
mutter.x86_64                                        43.4-1.fc37                         @updates               
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.4-19.fc37                       @anaconda              
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-34.fc37                         @anaconda              
nano.x86_64                                          6.4-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
nano-default-editor.noarch                           6.4-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
nautilus.x86_64                                      43.3-1.fc37                         @updates               
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           43.3-1.fc37                         @updates               
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.3-4.20220501.fc37                 @updates               
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.3-4.20220501.fc37                 @updates               
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.3-4.20220501.fc37                 @updates               
ndctl.x86_64                                         76.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    76.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
neofetch.noarch                                      7.1.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                
neovim.x86_64                                        0.9.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.3-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.64.20160912git.fc37           @updates               
netavark.x86_64                                      1.5.0-4.fc37                        @updates               
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-1.fc37                     @updates               
nettle.x86_64                                        3.8-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.6.2-2.rc6.fc37                  @updates               
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.4-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
ninja-build.x86_64                                   1.10.2-9.fc37                       @fedora                
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.28.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     3:7.93-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:18.15.0-1.fc37                    @updates               
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:18.15.0-1.fc37                    @updates               
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:18.15.0-1.fc37                    @updates               
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:18.15.0-1.fc37                    @updates               
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                    1:9.5.0-1.18.15.0.1.fc37            @updates               
npth.x86_64                                          1.6-9.fc37                          @anaconda              
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-5.fc37                       @updates               
nss.x86_64                                           3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.89.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                  @updates               
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                  @updates               
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-10.fc37                         @anaconda              
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                  @updates               
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.14-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-37.20150602git.fc37             @anaconda              
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20230310-148.fc37                   @updates               
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc37    @anaconda              
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.1.5-2.fc37                       @updates               
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.1.5-2.fc37                       @updates               
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.22.2-6.fc37                       @updates               
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.21-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.21-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.01-3.fc37                         @anaconda              
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-3.fc37                        @updates               
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.6-1.fc37                        @updates               
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-29.fc37                     @fedora                
opensc.x86_64                                        0.23.0-2.fc37                       @updates               
openssh.x86_64                                       8.8p1-9.fc37                        @updates               
openssh-clients.x86_64                               8.8p1-9.fc37                        @updates               
openssh-server.x86_64                                8.8p1-9.fc37                        @updates               
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.0.8-1.fc37                      @updates               
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.12-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.5.9-1.fc37                        @updates               
optipng.x86_64                                       0.7.7-10.fc37                       @fedora                
opus.x86_64                                          1.3.1-11.fc37                       @anaconda              
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.31-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
orca.noarch                                          43.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20230308-1.fc37                     @updates               
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.10.0-6.fc37                       @updates               
ostree.x86_64                                        2022.7-2.fc37                       @updates               
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2022.7-2.fc37                       @updates               
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.24.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.24.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.24.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-4.fc37                          @anaconda              
pam.x86_64                                           1.5.2-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.2-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
pam_afs_session.x86_64                               2.6-17.fc37                         @anaconda              
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
pango.x86_64                                         1.50.14-1.fc37                      @updates               
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.3-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
paps.x86_64                                          0.7.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
parted.x86_64                                        3.5-6.fc37                          @anaconda              
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-13.fc37                        @anaconda              
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.2-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-17.fc37                       @fedora                
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-10.fc37                         @anaconda              
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.9.0-2.fc37                        @updates               
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.9.0-2.fc37                        @updates               
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc37.2                       @anaconda              
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.40-1.fc37.1                      @anaconda              
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.40-1.fc37.1                      @anaconda              
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.40-1.fc37.1                      @anaconda              
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.40-1.fc37.1                      @anaconda              
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     1.9.9-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                1.9.9-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.83-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.52-489.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.66-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.184-490.fc37                      @anaconda              
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-489.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.58-489.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.52-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.19-492.fc37                     @anaconda              
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.36-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-10.fc37                   @anaconda              
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.77-489.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.85-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.40-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-489.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-489.fc37                @anaconda              
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.12-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.03-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.54-1.fc37                       @updates               
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.39.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.082-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.50-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.41-490.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.075-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-489.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20211001-4.fc37                     @anaconda              
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.15-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-NKF.x86_64                                      1:2.1.4-26.fc37                     @fedora                
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.92-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.03-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.84-489.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-489.fc37                     @anaconda              
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-490.fc37                    @anaconda              
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.43-490.fc37                     @anaconda              
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-489.fc37                     @anaconda              
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.036-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.26-489.fc37                     @anaconda              
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-490.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.17-489.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-14.fc37                        @anaconda              
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-489.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2021.0814-489.fc37                  @anaconda              
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.300-489.fc37                    @anaconda              
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.17-1.fc37                         @updates               
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-490.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-492.fc37                   @anaconda              
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.36.0-492.fc37                   @anaconda              
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.14-490.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.36.0-492.fc37                   @anaconda              
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.26-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.35-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.238-489.fc37                    @anaconda              
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:4.14-489.fc37                     @anaconda              
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-492.fc37                       @anaconda              
pigz.x86_64                                          2.7-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.2.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.2.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.10-30.fc37                      @anaconda              
pipewire.x86_64                                      0.3.69-1.fc37                       @updates               
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 0.3.69-1.fc37                       @updates               
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            0.3.69-1.fc37                       @updates               
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            0.3.69-1.fc37                       @updates               
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.69-1.fc37                       @updates               
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           0.3.69-1.fc37                       @updates               
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                0.3.69-1.fc37                       @updates               
pixman.x86_64                                        0.40.0-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.29.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.8.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.17-1.fc37                       @updates               
plymouth.x86_64                                      22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda              
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda              
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda              
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda              
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda              
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda              
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda              
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        22.02.122-3.fc37                    @anaconda              
podman.x86_64                                        5:4.4.4-3.fc37                      @updates               
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                5:4.4.4-3.fc37                      @updates               
podofo-libs.x86_64                                   0.9.8-2.fc37                        @fedora                
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.5-1.fc37                          @updates               
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.5-1.fc37                          @updates               
polkit.x86_64                                        121-4.fc37.2                        @updates               
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   121-4.fc37.2                        @updates               
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-22.fc37                         @anaconda              
poppler.x86_64                                       22.08.0-3.fc37                      @updates               
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   22.08.0-3.fc37                      @updates               
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  22.08.0-3.fc37                      @updates               
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 22.08.0-3.fc37                      @updates               
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.12-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
ppp.x86_64                                           2.4.9-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-15.fc37                      @anaconda              
procps-ng.x86_64                                     3.3.17-6.fc37.2                     @updates               
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-1.fc37                       @updates               
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.4.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.4-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20230318-1.fc37                     @updates               
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-4.fc37                         @updates               
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-4.fc37                         @updates               
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-4.fc37                         @updates               
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              22.2.2-3.fc37                       @updates               
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates               
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       62.6.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                            235-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.11.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3.x86_64                                       3.11.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.15.1-6.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-apsw.x86_64                                  3.40.0.0-1.fc37                     @updates               
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           2.0.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.1-2.fc37                          @updates               
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-6.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.10.0-15.fc37                      @anaconda              
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.5.0-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc37                         @anaconda              
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.4-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.7-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.21.0-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.15.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-chardet.noarch                               5.1.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    2.1.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-crypto.x86_64                                2.6.1-41.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          37.0.2-5.fc37                       @updates               
python3-css-parser.noarch                            1.0.7-5.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.1-14.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.6-6.fc37                          @anaconda              
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-4.fc37                      @anaconda              
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
python3-defusedxml.noarch                            0.7.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-distro.noarch                                1.7.0-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.15.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.4.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch             4.1.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
python3-dns.noarch                                   2.2.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-feedparser.noarch                            6.0.10-3.fc37                       @fedora                
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.42-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
python3-firewall.noarch                              1.2.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.42.2-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.42.2-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                   3.42.2-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.17.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.70.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-html2text.noarch                             2020.1.16-7.fc37                    @fedora                
python3-html5-parser.x86_64                          0.4.10-4.fc37                       @fedora                
python3-html5lib.noarch                              1:1.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.3-4.fc37                          @anaconda              
python3-ifaddr.noarch                                0.1.7-8.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-jeepney.noarch                               0.8.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.41-3.fc37                         @anaconda              
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.61-2.fc37                       @updates               
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.18-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.70.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.4-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.11.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.5-1.fc37                          @updates               
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.5-2.fc37                          @updates               
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.24.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  4.9.1-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.1.4-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-markdown.noarch                              3.4.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-mechanize.noarch                             0.4.8-5.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.50-7.fc37                         @anaconda              
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.50-7.fc37                         @anaconda              
python3-msgpack.x86_64                               1.0.4-3.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-netifaces.x86_64                             0.11.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.4-3.fc37                      @anaconda              
python3-odfpy.noarch                                 1.4.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.46-18.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-packaging.noarch                             21.3-6.fc37                         @anaconda              
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.5.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.8.0-13.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-pillow.x86_64                                9.2.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-17.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.5-1.fc37                          @updates               
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.35-1.fc37                         @updates               
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.9.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.6.0-17.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-3.fc37                        @updates               
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             21.0.0-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-pychm.x86_64                                 0.8.6-7.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-8.fc37                         @anaconda              
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.45.1-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.12.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.0.9-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.12.0-6.fc37                     @anaconda              
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             12.11.0-2.fc37                      @fedora                
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.23.2-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-6.fc37                         @anaconda              
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0-5.fc37                          @anaconda              
python3-qt5.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.15.9-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-qt5-webengine.x86_64                         5.15.4-4.fc37                       @fedora                
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2022.10.31-1.fc37                   @updates               
python3-requests.noarch                              2.28.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.5.1-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-26.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.18.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.4.0-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-setuptools.noarch                            62.6.0-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-sgmllib3k.noarch                             1.0.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.3.2.post1-7.fc37                  @anaconda              
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-1.fc37                          @anaconda              
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.2-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.12-1.fc37                      @anaconda              
python3-webencodings.noarch                          0.5.1-19.fc37                       @fedora                
python3-zeroconf.noarch                              0.38.7-1.fc37                       @fedora                
qcustomplot-qt5.x86_64                               2.1.1-4.fc37                        @updates               
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                      2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                         2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                          2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                       2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qemu-virtiofsd.x86_64                                2:7.0.0-15.fc37                     @updates               
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                            0.9.0-11.fc37                       @updates               
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                            0.9.0-11.fc37                       @updates               
qhexedit2-qt5-libs.x86_64                            0.8.9-8.fc37                        @fedora                
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     10.6.3-5.fc37                       @updates               
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                                2.13.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt-settings.noarch                                   37.1-1.fc37                         @updates               
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.8-6.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.8-6.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.8-6.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.8-4.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                            5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                              5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                               5.15.12-1.fc37                      @updates               
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.8-1.fc37                       @updates               
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.4.3-2.fc37                        @updates               
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.4.3-2.fc37                        @updates               
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.4.3-2.fc37                        @updates               
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.06-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.06-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-34.fc37                      @anaconda              
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-19.fc37                      @anaconda              
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.5.1-9.fc37                        @updates               
re2.x86_64                                           1:20220601-1.fc37                   @updates               
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-2.fc37                          @updates               
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.0-11.fc37                      @anaconda              
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-22.fc37                      @anaconda              
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-30.fc37                      @anaconda              
rest.x86_64                                          0.9.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
rhash.x86_64                                         1.4.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                
rhythmbox.x86_64                                     3.4.6-3.fc37                        @updates               
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-32.fc37                         @anaconda              
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.6-3.rc2.fc37                    @updates               
rpm.x86_64                                           4.18.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.18.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.18.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.18.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.18.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        37-1                                @@commandline          
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     37-1                                @@commandline          
rsync.x86_64                                         3.2.7-1.fc37                        @updates               
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-33.fc37                        @anaconda              
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.1.0-2.fc37                        @updates               
rust.x86_64                                          1.68.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
rust-std-static.x86_64                               1.68.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
rygel.x86_64                                         0.40.4-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.17.7-0.fc37                     @updates               
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.17.7-0.fc37                     @updates               
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.17.7-0.fc37                     @updates               
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.17.7-0.fc37                     @updates               
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.27-5.fc37                      @anaconda              
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
satyr.x86_64                                         0.40-1.fc37                         @updates               
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
sed.x86_64                                           4.8-11.fc37                         @anaconda              
selinux-policy.noarch                                37.19-1.fc37                        @updates               
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       37.19-1.fc37                        @updates               
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.12-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
setup.noarch                                         2.14.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.46-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
sgabios-bin.noarch                                   1:0.20180715git-9.fc37              @anaconda              
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-31.fc37                    @anaconda              
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.12.3-6.fc37                     @updates               
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.12.3-6.fc37                     @updates               
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.2-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
sheepdog.x86_64                                      1.0.1-18.fc37                       @anaconda              
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.6-2                              @anaconda              
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.6-2                              @anaconda              
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-6.fc37                        @anaconda              
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-10.fc37                       @anaconda              
simple-scan.x86_64                                   42.5-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.0-8.fc37                        @updates               
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.9-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.10-3.fc37                      @updates               
sos.noarch                                           4.4-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-18.fc37                         @anaconda              
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-15.fc37                       @updates               
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-12.fc37                       @anaconda              
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.4-1.fc37                       @updates               
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-12.fc37                       @anaconda              
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.41-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.41-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-3.fc37                          @anaconda              
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2022.2-3.fc37                       @fedora                
sqlcipher.x86_64                                     4.4.3-5.fc37                        @fedora                
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.40.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.40.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
sqlitebrowser.x86_64                                 3.13.0-0.4.gita302128.fc37          @fedora                
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.5.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.10-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-4.fc37                         @anaconda              
sssd.x86_64                                          2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.8.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-24.fc37                        @anaconda              
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-2.fc37                     @anaconda              
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-7.fc37                         @anaconda              
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.2-8.fc37                       @updates               
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.2-8.fc37                       @updates               
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                    @updates               
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                    @updates               
suitesparse.x86_64                                   5.10.1-3.fc37                       @anaconda              
sushi.x86_64                                         43.0-2.fc37                         @updates               
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  1.1.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.7.3-2.20220427gitf2268ee.fc37     @anaconda              
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.3-2.20220427gitf2268ee.fc37     @anaconda              
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.7.3-2.20220427gitf2268ee.fc37     @anaconda              
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-7.fc37                          @anaconda              
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-3.fc37                       @updates               
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-3.fc37                       @updates               
systemd.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                       @updates               
systemd-boot-unsigned.x86_64                         251.14-2.fc37                       @updates               
systemd-container.x86_64                             251.14-2.fc37                       @updates               
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  251.14-2.fc37                       @updates               
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              251.14-2.fc37                       @updates               
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         251.14-2.fc37                       @updates               
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                       @updates               
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              251.14-2.fc37                       @updates               
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  251.14-2.fc37                       @updates               
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-7.fc37                         @anaconda              
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.34-6.fc37                       @updates               
tbb.x86_64                                           2020.3-13.fc37                      @updates               
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.12-3.fc37                     @anaconda              
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.3-1.fc37                    @updates               
teamd.x86_64                                         1.31-6.fc37                         @anaconda              
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.2.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   9:20210325-52.fc37                  @anaconda              
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.7.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.7.3-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
thermald.x86_64                                      2.5-2.fc37                          @anaconda              
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.13.1-3.fc37                       @updates               
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.13.1-3.fc37                       @updates               
time.x86_64                                          1.9-19.fc37                         @anaconda              
tmux.x86_64                                          3.3a-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
toolbox.x86_64                                       0.0.99.4-1.fc37                     @updates               
totem.x86_64                                         1:43.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                       1:43.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.4-1.fc37                          @updates               
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      3.2.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.2-1.fc37                      @updates               
tracker.x86_64                                       3.4.2-1.fc37                        @updates               
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates               
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-1.fc37                        @updates               
tree-sitter-cli.x86_64                               0.20.7-1.fc37                       @fedora                
trousers.x86_64                                      0.3.15-7.fc37                       @anaconda              
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.15-7.fc37                       @anaconda              
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-6.fc37                         @anaconda              
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-1.fc37                        @anaconda              
tzdata.noarch                                        2022g-1.fc37                        @updates               
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2022g-1.fc37                        @updates               
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.6-16.fc37                       @anaconda              
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.9.4-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.9.4-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.17.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
unibilium.x86_64                                     2.1.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   15.0.0-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
unoconv.noarch                                       0.9.0-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-58.fc37                         @anaconda              
upower.x86_64                                        0.99.20-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-15.fc37                    @anaconda              
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-7.fc37                     @anaconda              
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1-8.fc37                        @anaconda              
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
usbutils.x86_64                                      015-1.fc37                          @updates               
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-5.fc37                        @anaconda              
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.13.0-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.38.1-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              58-3.fc37                           @fedora                
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37    @fedora                
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.0.1440-1.fc37                   @updates               
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.0.1440-1.fc37                   @updates               
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.0.1440-1.fc37                   @updates               
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 0.9.1-4.20210420git36391559.fc37    @anaconda              
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.0.6-1.fc37                        @updates               
vmaf-models.noarch                                   2.3.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-18.fc37                       @updates               
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-17.fc37                      @anaconda              
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-44.svn550.fc37                @anaconda              
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20220509-2.gite52f8e66.fc37         @anaconda              
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.70.3-1.fc37                       @updates               
vte291.x86_64                                        0.70.3-1.fc37                       @updates               
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.216.0-3.fc37                    @anaconda              
w3m.x86_64                                           0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37           @updates               
w3m-img.x86_64                                       0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37           @updates               
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.5.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.21.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                       1.31-1.fc37                         @updates               
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-18.fc37                           @anaconda              
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.40.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                  2.40.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.4-1.fc37                        @updates               
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3.1-9.fc37                        @anaconda              
wget.x86_64                                          1.21.3-4.fc37                       @anaconda              
which.x86_64                                         2.21-39.fc37                        @updates               
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.15-1.fc37                       @updates               
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.15-1.fc37                       @updates               
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2022.06.06-2.fc37                   @anaconda              
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.4.14-1.fc37                       @updates               
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.4.14-1.fc37                       @updates               
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
words.noarch                                         3.0-40.fc37                         @anaconda              
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.10-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                1.14.2-1.fc37                       @updates               
x264-libs.x86_64                                     0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37    @rpmfusion-free        
x265-libs.x86_64                                     3.5-5.fc37                          @rpmfusion-free-updates
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.0-20.fc37                       @anaconda              
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.0-20.fc37                       @anaconda              
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.0-18.fc37                       @anaconda              
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.9-21.fc37                       @anaconda              
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.1-23.fc37                       @anaconda              
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.15.0-4.fc37                       @updates               
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      43.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.14.1-1.fc37                       @updates               
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-1.fc37                         @updates               
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.11-1.fc37                         @updates               
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-12.fc37                       @anaconda              
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.16.3-4.fc37                       @updates               
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.16.3-4.fc37                       @updates               
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.1.0-2.fc37                        @updates               
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.8-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   1-4.fc37                            @anaconda              
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.5-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.36-3.fc37                         @updates               
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-59.fc37                       @anaconda              
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.08-1.fc37                      @updates               
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.08-1.fc37                      @updates               
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1.2.34-4.fc37                       @updates               
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1.2.34-4.fc37                       @updates               
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1.2.34-4.fc37                       @updates               
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-2.fc37                       @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                           23.0.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              19.1.0-8.fc37                       @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-12.fc37                      @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-11.fc37                       @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-54.20210115.fc37           @updates               
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.2.1-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.17-4.fc37                     @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.400-4.20210215git5dbad06.fc37   @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.5-20.fc35                       @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.5.0-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.2.1-16.fc35                      @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.1.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.1.0-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-34.fc37                         @fedora                
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2022.2-2.fc37                       @fedora                
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.14-21.fc37                     @updates               
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      22.1.9-1.fc37                       @updates               
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.14-21.fc37                     @updates               
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-2.fc37                      @anaconda              
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.0-15.fc37                       @anaconda              
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.5-2.fc37                        @fedora                
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.1-4.fc37                        @anaconda              
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.0-31.fc37                       @fedora                
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-9.fc37                        @updates               
xwininfo.x86_64                                      1.1.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.1-3.fc37                        @anaconda              
xz.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.4.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-19.fc37                       @anaconda              
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.2-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.2-1.fc37                       @anaconda              
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-1.fc37                         @anaconda              
yum.noarch                                           4.15.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates               
zd1211-firmware.noarch                               1.5-11.fc37                         @anaconda              
zenity.x86_64                                        3.44.0-1.fc37                       @updates               
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.4-4.fc37                        @fedora                
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-23.fc37                     @anaconda              
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.3-2.fc37                        @fedora                
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-33.fc37                         @anaconda              
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.12-5.fc37                       @anaconda              
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.12-5.fc37                       @fedora                
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-2.fc37                        @anaconda              
zsh.x86_64                                           5.9-2.fc37                          @fedora                
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.5-1.fc37                        @updates               
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-19.fc37                      @updates               
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     1.2.0-7.fc37                        @anaconda              
